# Events design
The event classes can be seen as an inheritence tree, our root event being ScrabbleEvent (which simply indicates an event defined for our game), 
and two main branches: The ModelEvents and the ControllerEvents. In general, the goal of the events is to trigger behavior in the listeners, but also to encapsulate all the information they need to act upon the event, and nothing more (ideally).
For example: 
- PlaceClickEvent has getters for the placement direction (getDir), and the click location on the board (getOrigin).
  - It technically inherits getSource, but it is not really supposed to be used 
  - Could possibly make ScrabbleEvent delegate to Event (instead of inheriting it) to hide those unneeded methods?

## ModelEvent
Any event generated by a model is a model event. 
Typically views or controllers listen to these.
Exception: BoardPlaceEvent is used to encapsulate information to pass to the board model, by the main model. This may be refactored later if an alternative is found.

## ControllerEvent
Any event generated by a controller is a controller event. 
Typically the model listens to these, occasionally, a view might be able to listen for these as well.

## SController, SModel interfaces
Scrabble interfaces that allow controller (SController), or model listeners (SModel)
to listen to the implementing class, and get notified in turn.

## Listeners and further event subclassing
To aid with event handling, subclasses of these main branches can be made to send specific events so only specific listeners respond to them.
Note: The listeners follow a similar inheritence tree as the events, but it is not as strict.

For example: 
- View.HandView is a HandChangeListener listening to HandChangeEvents (a type of model event)
This allows HandViews to ignore other types of events and respond appropriately.
- Subclassing can be done continuously to be able to differentiate different types of HandChange events in turn and handle them differently.
This is used to differentiate new hands (which load a different set of tiles), and selection events in an existing hand.

